Okay, awesome. Let's go ahead and get started. Thank you all for answering the polls.
I'm excited to kind of walk through all of the results as well. I'm Nancy from our marketing
team here at Enthropic. Thank you so much all for joining us today. We're excited to have you all
since, you know, since we launched the legal plugin a few months ago, we've really just seen
so such overwhelming demand here at Enthropic around how to use co-work for legal. So this
webinar really is aimed at teaching you some best practices directly from our own legal and applied
AI teams. So without further ado, let's go ahead and dive in here. So first, the top question that
we almost always get with these webinars is will this session be recorded? And yes, it will be,
and we will make sure to send this to everyone at the end of the session. Second of all, this is
very much intended to be an interactive session. So please do enter your questions into the chat
window. And we will answer as many as we can. You'll also see an upvoting function so you
can upvote the questions that you would most like to see answered. And finally, give us feedback. We
run a lot of these webinars and we read every comment. We're always working to make these
sessions as valuable as we can. So now I'm excited to turn it over to my wonderful colleagues here,
Mark, Pike, and Maggie Russo. So I'll let them introduce themselves.
Awesome. Thank you so much. Hi, everybody. I'm Mark Pike. I'm a member of Anthropic's legal team
and the product lead for Claude for the legal industry. I've been here at Anthropic for two
and a half years, which in AI time definitely feels like a decade's worth of change. I'm joined by my
colleague, Maggie Russo, who will be driving most of what you see live. Maggie, why don't you go
ahead and introduce yourself as well? Thanks, Mark. Hi, everyone. My name is Maggie Russo.
I'm on the applied AI team here at Anthropic. And our team kind of sits across product, engineering,
research, and of course, our grow to market team. And we work with our customers to make sure they're
getting the most out of Claude. And one of the things that I've been able to do while at Anthropic
is work really closely with our customers in the legal industry. So I'm super excited to share some
of those learnings today and walk through a live demo a little bit later on. Thanks, Maggie. So quick
thing before we dive in here. I'm excited to say that over 20,000 of you registered for this webinar.
That is absolutely insane to me. I've never seen a number like that for a legal session in my career.
It tells me the question here has really changed. I think like a year ago lawyers were asking whether
to even use AI. And now everybody's asking how to use it well on real work. I actually pulled people
on LinkedIn last week. Feel free to find me on LinkedIn and follow along. But I asked people on
LinkedIn to comment what they were building with Claude already. And I got back a snapshot of what
the community has been figuring out to build with Claude. Solo practitioners, building their own
contract and matter management systems from scratch. In-house legal ops teams, open sourcing
their outside counsel management playbooks on GitHub so peers can fork them and build on top of
each other. Trial teams are building purpose built back ends for large litigation matters.
In research builders, we're wiring millions of statutes and regulator decisions across dozens
of jurisdictions into Claude via MCP. You'll see the same building blocks that they're using. These
skills and plug-ins and connectors. They're going to show up in everything that Maggie and I walk
through today. There's actually one story that stopped me in my tracks. A lawyer named, or sorry,
a paralegal named Andrew reached out and emailed me this week. He was part of a four-person pro
bono team, two lawyers, two paralegals, up against an MLaw 200 firm and an elder abuse case,
a pro bono case. Andrew built a tool on our API that sat at the counsel's table during this trial.
It was pulling in cross-examination angles, sometimes before opposing counsel could even
finish asking the question. And they were able to walk out with the large jury verdict for their
client. These tools that we're building here in Enthropic are democratizing us to the best legal
support, not just for big law firms and in-house legal teams, but for many who need that support.
So I encourage you to think of what you could build today and meet this moment.
So with that, I want to do a hands-on exercise here. I want you to really feel the range of this
tool right away. I think we're going to actually drop this exact prompt into the chat so you can
cut and paste it into your own clod. It connects to your email and calendar, your Slack or your teams,
and can create a briefing of your day, who you're meeting with, what's outstanding, what to read
before you walk into a meeting. This is the kind of great chief of staff I think all of us want to
have who might drop a brief on our desk at 8 a.m. Who doesn't want their own personalized chief of
staff. I'll also confess, I took this same prompt and I asked it to write me a daily horoscope that
reads from my actual calendar. And with Claude's help, I reverse engineered my kid's toy sticker
printer. It's this little Bluetooth printer. And I asked it to give me a horoscope of the day and it
says, "You're going to crush your webinar today." So it's awesome. It's sort of a silly fun example,
but it raises a serious point here. The same setup, calendar, email, a scheduled task is what
runs your morning briefing. It can also be what helps you with an MSA review against a playbook.
It can help you with NDA triage, regulatory assessments, wired in once, and it's wired for
all of these use cases. And this really is a working session. It's not just a demo. These
are going to be real documents, real workflows, real questions. So let's continue to get into it here.
We're going to show you a different way of working. You can delegate real legal tasks to Claude. It's
going to read the same matter files your team does, run the workflows that you run every week,
and carry context across Word, PowerPoint, Excel, your email, so nothing gets lost in the handoff.
And it's not theoretical. Our own legal team at Anthropic uses Claude every day for this type of
work, contract review, research, and the work that used to eat up hours. We call it amp-fooding. We
refer to ourselves as ants here at Anthropic. So we like to amp-food what we're building.
Many of you are interested in technology, but aren't builders yourselves. The first time I saw
Claude take action on something for me, not just to answer a question, but actually do the work,
it really changed how I thought about my own job. My engineering colleagues had that moment with
Claude Code last year, and I'm feeling empowered now with co-work. And that's what we're hoping
you learned today. So how does Claude know my legal work? I'd like to present these four pillars.
One is connecting to your live data via model context protocol, or MCPs. These are the USBCs
of Claude, of AI. It's an open protocol that helps you connect things from your matter management
system, things like iManage or Net Documents, pulling in stuff from CLMs, Drive, Outlook,
the full Microsoft staff. Claude reads the same matter files your team does.
It's not a static upload that goes stale the moment a new draft lands. It's live across
these systems where your work actually lives. The second is that it has legal skills. The workflows
your team runs every week are codified, NDA review, contract redlining, privileged log drafting,
matter intake, clause library checks, checklist, precedent search, deal point analysis. Claude
doesn't just start from a blank page on the work you do hundreds of times a year. It pulls from
that corpus of knowledge that you've created within your department and can help empower
new employees who maybe didn't even know to look in these places. And again, it understands these
playbooks. Claude reads the agreement structure the way a lawyer does. It tracks defined terms
across exhibits and schedules. It explains in plain English what a clause actually does
and flags exactly where the risk sits, not just doing a keyword search or an index. It actually
has comprehension of how the document holds together. And then it carries that context across
apps. The red line you ran in Word can become a summary slide in a PowerPoint, can then become
an email that you draft and send to a client. One thread, no re-explaining to the AI how these
things work, no copy/paste handoffs between these tools. The work moves with you.
And I like to ground things here in calling out that anthropics have been at the frontier
for the past 18 months. Our models have been the best in the world at coding.
And I think if you had told me a few years ago when I started anthropic that the best
model in the world for coding would also be good for legal work, I would have been shocked.
But it turns out you don't need to fine-tune models to give Claude the engineer a legal degree.
Instead, you just need to give these tools access, the same tools that the lawyers use,
every day to get their work done. And that's what helps it become a great teammate within
the legal context. All right. I'm going to take things back a couple of years. How many of you
remember your first experience interacting with generative AI? Probably fall of 2022 with chat
GPT or in 2023 using Claude as a more of a like chat interface. You ask a question, you get an
answer. You were getting summaries. Maybe you were writing first drafts. There were probably a bit of
hallucinations as well. But then something happened. Last year, it was only happening
for developers. We launched Claude code and developers got access to something more powerful.
AI that could actually do things, not just answer questions, but build things, work agentically,
ship new products and features with incredible speed. Claude code changed what's possible for
engineers. And now, we're beginning to bring other functions into the fold here. Beyond
engineering. Cowork does that same work for knowledge workers. It's a desktop agent for
users to handle complex multi-step tasks using Claude. And Claude helps get it done. It's the
same engine as Claude code. No terminal required. Whenever I look back at terminal, I still think
of the movie "The Matrix," these screens with all this code running across it. Cowork is in the four
corners of an application that is in a familiar interface for those of us who are used to working
with things like Microsoft Word and Word documents. It's still early. We're iterating rapidly. But
we've already seen so much interest in some very cool use cases by many of you, which makes us
confident transformations can continue to happen. The transformation happening inside of anthropic
legal looks a bit like this. We're using Claude to do contract review, red lines in 20 minutes
instead of hours. Our litigation team is using it to do transcript search or expert prep. We're
doing privacy impact assessments, things that used to take hours can now happen in 20, 30 minutes.
Our IP team is using it to do patent prioritization, to surface patentable ideas from product briefs
and GitHub repositories. They're using Claude agents to scan those things and then move with
the type of speed that a hyper growth company like ours really needs. But where to get started? Well,
I recently analyzed 742 JIRA tickets, which is an oddly specific number so you know I'm not making
it up right now. That kind of analysis would not have been possible for someone like me who doesn't
know how to do data analysis very well. I used the plugin. I invoked that plugin in Claude and then
had it read the repository of all those recent client intake matters that we received using JIRA.
Claude did all this in a co-work session. The output, here it is, the output helped me identify
some trends. I noticed that NDA triage, this is by the way synthesized data. I'm not going to leak
our secret sauce of our actual work, but it identified that we do way too much NDA triage
and we were spending a lot of time with busy work on that. Open source software questions were really
taking up a lot of time for our IP team. We saw these patterns emerge. We identified where that
busy work was and then the next step was to ask Claude, "Okay, how can we build automations to
actually help us get better work done and move with the type of speed we need to?" And so I asked
Claude, "Help me build a plugin that actually helps us automate a lot of this work." That's how I
helped create the legal plugin here at Anthropic and it really made an impact on the industry and
I've been excited to see others in the community build on that and build their own skills and
plugins that you can integrate with these tools and systems. Now, I've shared a lot here. I want
to pass it over to Maggie, who's going to provide more of a live demo showing these legal use cases
and really get hands on keyboards so you can see this working. So over to you, Maggie.
Awesome. Thank you so much, Mark. All right, let me pull up my screen. And while I'm doing that,
I did see a question in the chat come up regarding the legal plugin and folks asking where they can
actually install this. So because I'm going to be using a couple of different skills and things from
the plugin, I'll just walk through this right now. I'll show it again in more depth and kind of talk
about how you can actually customize using Claude a little bit later in the demo. But just so that
folks can follow along, if you go into Cowork and customize here, either in your personal plugins or
org plugins, you should be able to see under anthropic and partners the legal plugin here.
And this will give you a little bit of an overview of the skills that it has and the connectors.
And then you can just go ahead and hit this install button and then that will add the plugin for you.
We will also send out these directions after the call, I believe, or the information is linked
in our resources. But again, that's customize, go to plugins, and then just search for the legal
plugin under anthropic and partners. And you should have that there. Alright, so going through
a couple different demos today, I wanted to kind of show you what an average day in the life of
a member of the anthropic legal team might look like and mark you're the expert here. So please
keep me honest and chime in with your anecdotal evidence, but wanted to walk through a couple
different flows. So we're going to start with a really common problem and task, which is prepping
for a meeting that you maybe didn't have quite enough time to prep for. And I know that not
everyone has access to co-work yet. So I wanted to start with an example in chat, and then we'll
flip over to co-work and show a more long running task, as well as working with Claude directly in
the Microsoft Word add-in. Okay, so to start, I'm going to be working inside of a project. So I
have this project pinned here. It's called Outside Council Harrington Web, which is a fake firm that
we're working with as our outside counsel. And you can think of projects, really, as shared
workspaces. So in this example, my whole legal team would have access to it. I can add my team
members there. I can add instructions for how I want to work with Claude within this project,
as well as tools to use with it. So I have my G Suite here connecting my calendar and drive.
And I can also add files directly. So I just have a firm overview here of Harrington Web,
kind of who we work with. That's going to be available to every conversation in the project,
for everyone in the project. So these instructions, these files, it's basically just allowing
my colleagues who might pick this up later today or tomorrow to have the exact same context that
I do so that they're not starting from zero. All right, so let's see how it would help me
prep for a meeting. So if I go to my calendar here, it's a light day for me. I've just got
one meeting here at 2 p.m. And outside counsel QBR, I can see the attendees and the agenda here. I've
got some files linked for my internal team to look at, some notes from prior meetings, maybe some,
looks like some spend information in a CSV file. And then I also have some email threads in Gmail
from previous correspondents with this firm. So I'm going to go into chat, and I'm going to ask it
to use a skill. And you'll see that here in a second. Basically, I'm going to say use the meeting
brief skill to prep me for my 2 p.m. QBR with Harrington Web today, pull from my calendar email
and Google Drive. So you see the first thing that's happening in this chat is that Claude is reading
the meeting brief skill. Now, this is based off of, this is a personal skill that I'm just using for
the demo, but it's based off of the meeting briefing skill that is part of the plugin.
So if you have the plugin installed, you'll be able to use this directly. And you'll notice
that I didn't actually use a slash command or anything special to make sure that the skill is
being used. I just used its name. I could also use a description like I'm prepping for the meeting,
help me create a brief for it. And Claude will know that that is what I'm talking about.
And then as Claude is working here, we can see that it's using the tools it has access to via
my connectors, which again, we're going to go back into the customize tab in a little bit today and
kind of talk a bit more about how to set those things up. But we can see that it's used these
integrations. It's looked at my calendar events, it's searched through my email threads and searched
my Google Drive files. And now it has everything I need to prep this briefing. So we can see that
it's loaded a pretty comprehensive briefing here. And it's able to give me a participants table so
it knows from the calendar event, who Diane and Marcus are from the Harrington web team kind of
what their their role on the call is, I've got a rough agenda. And then the really cool part is
that it's pulling in open issues that I maybe wouldn't have noticed ahead of time. So one thing
I'll call out is hey, like we have a draft out for an engagement contract that has a different
rate than what we have in the email thread. So that's flying that from our review as something
that I either want to talk about on the call or address prior to the meeting today. Looks
like we have some action items that we dropped and kind of forgot to do from our last meeting,
which is likely pulling from previous meeting notes. And we can see that Claude is actually
giving me its sources here of where those things came from, as well as some other open items,
right. So I've got some talking points and things that might come up in the meeting.
And I'm walking into this with a much better, much more prepared than I would have been.
If I was just trying to read across all of these, you know, disparate notes and emails and things
like that on my own ahead of the meeting. So one thing I can do to take this a step further
is say, hey, Claude, draft this as an internal email to my team. And what Claude is going to do
is go and add. So actually, I didn't even plan for this, but it's using our system prompt to say,
hey, I need to add a draft before sending. I'm going to allow it to go into my Gmail,
via the Gmail MCP, and go ahead and draft an internal team note to the anthropic legal team
members that are going to be on this meeting with me. And so that way I'm able to say,
hey, this is not only useful for me, but I can also share this with my team and make sure that
everyone has this context as well. You know, I might have also asked Claude to create a calendar
invite, for example, maybe an hour before the meeting or 30 minutes before, and attach this as
Google Drive Doc or something like that. But if I go into my-- yeah, go ahead, Mark.
I was just going to chime in. A lot of times I meet with customers and lawyers generally,
they're very concerned about AI taking action without their approval. And so I think that
prompt is a great example of keeping a human in the loop. So for lawyers, you want to ensure that
you are checking things for hallucinations or making sure it's not speaking to things you
didn't want it to. And so I think for a lot of lawyers, that system prompt is a really good
solution to something that the people have raised questions about. So I'm glad that popped up.
Absolutely. Yeah, we'll actually look at that in a little bit more detail. Great call, Mark,
in how to set up the connectors. So you can actually set up for your own personal preference.
Of course, your organization might have some settings already enforced there, but
what you would want Claude to ask for permission for versus what you're OK with it taking
direct action on. So great point. But I allowed it in that case just once to go and create this
draft. So if I go into my email now, I can see I have this draft email created already with email
addresses for my teammates. And I can go ahead and review this and then send it if it looks good.
So this is just one pretty basic example of something that I could do that would help save
me some time. I'm sure we've all had those moments where we know we have a meeting coming up and
there's things that we still need to review ahead of time. So just a really simple example you could
apply today, something you could do today, regardless if you are in chat or coworker or
call that AI on the Web. So that's chat. So this is kind of where chat can start to hit its ceiling.
There's a lot of powerful capabilities, but chat is basically reading what I appointed at rate.
So it's working within a project or I'm adding files directly to the conversation
and then it's handing me back a deliverable. But it's not necessarily going to open a folder on
my laptop, chain multiple tools together to accomplish a specific outcome that I give it.
For example, like taking this doc that we wrote and making edits to it, filing it in the matter
folder for a particular case or something like that. Those are three multiple asks across the
conversation. So let's move over to cowork and kind of take a look at this of how we could do
something that's a little bit more long running. So let's flip the rules here a little bit. So
we're no longer the anthropic legal team. We're going to pretend to be our friends at Harrington
Web. So it's the same firm that we were just going to meet with. They have their own kind of similar
problem. And we're going to pretend here that we are Marcus, who was one of the people on the call,
the associate, and that he has five NDAs sitting in this folder on his local machine that are waiting
for review. So if I open up this folder, you can see that I have cowork pointed at it. This two
cowork NDA triage folder, you can see within the incoming NDAs folder, I have these five NDAs.
And I also have a playbook, right? So this is a representative file of, hey, this is how the
organization is set up to triage these. But in your case, this might be a living breeding document
that we're connected to via an MCP. It might be something in Google Drive that we're pointing out,
or it might even be a skill that your team has actually created. But the important thing about
cowork is that it's kind of like a club of hands, right? It can read folders, it can open Word docs,
it can write files, run things in parallel. So what I'm going to do is keep it pointed here,
and basically ask it to triage these NDAs using a skill, and look at that playbook that we have
there. So I'm going to go ahead and kick this off. And I'm going to say I have five NDAs in the
incoming NDAs folder, use the triage NDA skill, and you can see this time I'm invoking it with
a slash command to review each one. So this is going to kick off. And we can see the progress
bar up here. We might actually for a longer running task later see that build a plan. But because this
is using a skill, it has a plan that it knows it needs to execute against based on a workflow
we've given that. So with that, and while this is running, let's actually jump back into the
customize tab so we can take a closer look at this. So here we have the legal plugin. So we touched on
this a little bit earlier, but this has basically been put together in collaboration with our team.
So Mark has played a huge role in this. So thank you, Mark, with coming up with, you know, skills,
connections, things that are going to really help you augment some tasks, you know, just by
installing the plugin and using it with Clon. So if we go look at our skills, yeah, go for it, Mark.
I was going to say, yes, I built the plugin. The weird thing is I always tell people not to use
it out of the box, which is a weird thing to say. This is this thing we launched, don't use it out
of the box. It's at its best when it has actually been remixed and incorporates your own company's
voice and risk matrices and your playbooks and your fallback language. And so, you know, it's
like a you would maybe you wouldn't wear a suit that you bought off the rack, you would get it
tailored to ensure it fits you well. Same thing with with these playbooks and plugins and skills.
So as you can see under the hood that Maggie's showing you, there's just these plain text files
that incorporate things like how you would typically do an NDA triage. But you should feed
it your existing work. And it's very good at helping you create skills. It's kind of recursive.
You can use Claude to create skills that then Claude then uses. So yeah, yeah, I'm glad you
brought that one up. It's a good segue into the skill creator skill. So as Mark mentioned, this is
a way that you can actually talk to Claude about a task that you would like to create as a repeatable
workflow. And it will help you do that either directly in line in a conversation, which we'll
see in a bit here, or based on maybe a text file or something else or word doc that you have created
on the kind of already walks through that process. But yeah, great point, Mark, you really do want to
kind of customize these things. You want to add your own flavor, add your own travel knowledge
so that it's more personalized, more customized to your organization. And there's an incredible
community of skills that are being created on GitHub and the other third party platforms. So
I always love reading on LinkedIn when people drop new ones, and I give them a test bin. So
check them out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the plugin comes with all of these preloaded. I think I have
one or two that are that are outdated here. So ignore those. But this is the skill that we were
using and co-work currently. And we'll flip back to that task in a second. But within my own personal
skills, if I have something that I've created, or I've downloaded from my organization and added
some customization for my team, I can also share those within my team just using this button.
So adding people within my team or like a listserv or something that I want to share that skill with.
And then as Mark mentioned, having kind of like an organizational marketplace that your admin can
control is a great way to distribute for folks that might actually be managing their organization's
skills library. It's a way to kind of share those across the organization so that you don't have
lots of different kind of disparate skills that aren't available to everyone. So it's really a
way to kind of democratize that organizational knowledge and make sure that people are following
best practices, as well as enabling people to really speed up the automation of their work.
And if you think about it, if you type all of this into cloud, that's a huge prompt.
We can invoke this with just a slash command or a single sentence, something very, very simple.
I'll also talk about connectors while we're here. So I think this was something that I saw some
folks in the chat asked me about. So I'll just use the Gmail connector as an example.
I have a couple different types of tools within this MCP. So read only tools and write delete
tools. And you can see all of these. By default, we can start to always allow needs approval,
which is what you saw Claude ask me before in Gmail, or blocked, which means it's not able to
happen within working with Claude. You can also set them to be custom. So what the connector comes
with out of the box or what your organization kind of ships out of the box for that connector.
You might want to be a bit more conservative. So you could switch these to needs approval.
I could switch any of these to needs approval instead of always allow.
So it's really just about what you feel comfortable with. And you can update these over time.
So that's kind of how you can customize and have some more control over what Claude is able to do
on your behalf, first kind of working with you and with your permission.
All right, so let's jump back into our task here. And let's see what Claude has been able to do.
And while we were talking through the customize customization options.
So it looks like Claude has been able to write our triage report, which we can open up here.
And it has flagged a couple different issues for us to look at. So I'm going to scroll to the top
here. But we can see that it triaged all five NDAs in our folder. And it used every single one
of these NDA documents to basically come up with this summary, right? So we have five incoming NDAs.
They each have a specific classification. And we can see that three of these are classified
as high risk. And if we go a little bit further within the report, they each have different areas
of risk called out. So if I go down to let's see one of the red ones, like next gen AI Corp.
It has a red classification here. Here's the part the receiving party, which is us.
And then I can see the actual detailed results here. So again, this is all criteria that's set
within the skill that the prompt that I actually gave it within co-work was one sentence, right?
Use the skill triage these NDAs. But what I get is a super robust review of everything within these
documents that I can actually use as a handoff to go into Microsoft Word directly. So I can scroll
through this a little bit more, but definitely encourage folks to use this. This is also I think
pretty applicable to like the contract review skill. I don't know, Mark, if you have other
kind of examples that are sort of akin to this. But yeah, like commercial redlining is another
huge one. Wow, the Q&A is really popping off a lot of great questions in there that we can follow
up on. But yes, it's quite easy to create these types of skills and playbooks and to ensure that
they're only available to people within your department. And I like to think of it as like,
imagine a new hire joined your legal team. What knowledge would you like that new hire to have
about how you do legal work? And that's what Claude is. It's effectively a co-worker, co-work.
So you're giving it all the legal knowledge and access to those. But it's possible to set
that up in a way so that other people at the company aren't accessing those same skills.
And you can really ensure that you've got the right information barriers and set things up
in a privileged way on our commercial offerings. I would emphasize that. There's been a lot of
rulings recently. I get a lot of questions at CLEs about this. Our enterprise plan offers the
ability for you to ensure that you're maintaining privilege within the boundaries of using Claude
with those of you on the legal team. So yeah. And I've loved creating documents, memos,
doing NDA triage, commercial redlining inside of Claude. But I think what you're about to show
with Claude for Word is so powerful. This is something that we've just released in the past
few weeks. And I'm excited to see what other surfaces we can bring that to. But it's Claude
meeting you where you are inside of your word processing environment, which for those of us
who are lawyers, that's where we spend a lot of our time. So this has been a great breakthrough
for us and our team and our productivity. So starting over in co-work, but then shipping it
over to Claude for Word. So yeah, Maggie, why don't you take it from there? Yeah, thanks, Mark.
Yeah, I kind of view this. I think I saw some questions earlier about Claude code and like
using the difference. I almost think of using the word adding is kind of similar of using the
terminal versus an IDE, if folks are familiar with that, like an environment where you can see
diffs or edits to the code in real time. This is kind of like the same idea, right? So if I open
the Claude add-in here on the right, I can see now that I have my NDA documents. So Claude didn't
make any edits to this yet directly in co-work. It just produced that triage report for me, right?
And I think this next-gen AI one was the worst offender according to the report. So I'm going
to open up and actually have it go through and do the red lines directly within Word.
So for folks that haven't used this yet, if you just go to add-ins within Word,
if you have access, you should see Claude there. And then you'll be prompted, I believe, on your
first sign-in to just log into your account. But once you're in here, you'll see that there's some
suggested skills that are specific to working within Microsoft Word. I have access to all my
other skills that I was using before. So you can work with it a very similar way that you would
work within chat or within co-work. But what I'm actually going to do right now is add this file
to it. So if I go back to my webinar here and go to this folder that we're working in, I have
this triage report file, right? So I'm going to upload this and just say based on the report,
start redlining the NDA. And we can check here and make sure that this is being added. Okay,
great. So we have the triage report, and then I can say based on this, start redlining this NDA,
and I will go ahead and kick this task off. So what this is going to do is it's actually going
to go through and read the report. I could also if this was just in line in co-work, copy and paste
it and put it in the chat, I could create this as a Word document and add that directly in Word or
work across two different files. But Claudia is going to go ahead and kind of review the work
that's already been done here. It's pulling in what we've already flagged as the most high-risk
issues. And then it's going to ask me for permission to go ahead and deliver these as track
changes. So I'm going to give it that approval. And then it's going to kick off and start working
here. One thing that's really cool about all of the add-ins for Microsoft Office, and I'm going
to go ahead and allow this, is that they can kind of share context across them. So let's say I
wasn't working on an NDA. I was working on like a meeting brief, for example. Something I could have
done, I might have mentioned this when we were in chat, is actually create the meeting briefing as a
Word document. I could have that open, chatting with Claude about the briefing and the agenda and
the talking points that I want to cover, and then open up PowerPoint and start to create a deck for
that, right? So that's another great use of working across the products that you're working in every
day today. Same thing for Excel, right? If there's information related to an analysis of some sort,
they need to pull into a briefing. Claude is going to share that context, which is super useful when
flipping back and forth between those different tools. So we can see now that Claude has gone
ahead and staged these red lines for us. So we can jump to each one. We can see that it's actually
giving us the reasoning for it. So we know that this triage reports reasoning is grounded in this
skill. We know that this skill is actually using our playbook. So it's kind of like a nested sort
of system there for grounding these results and suggestions into what our organization determines
is the way we want to do this work. And then I can go ahead and either dismiss or apply each one here,
right? I could apply all, but I can basically go through and agree with these red lines or change
them and do this directly within Word. So this is just one example. I think, Mark, you mentioned a
couple other ones, right? But working directly within Microsoft Word and kind of having Claude
in that sidebar table to chat with him and use it as an assistant as you're going through these types
of tasks. Yeah, I mentioned redlining, you know, sales agreements. I'm a product lawyer by training.
And so I love to read through my launch calendar product briefs. And I have a checklist of issues
that frequently come up when we're launching certain types of products. And so being able to
use that checklist as a skill and leave comments from my product managers and engineers so that
they're aware of issues that might be popping up. And then yeah, the context switching, like we don't
just live in Word documents. Oftentimes we'll do this. And if you're at a law firm, you're creating
a pitch for a client, and maybe that's in a PowerPoint, or maybe you're working on a large
M&A matter, and you need to go over to Excel and keep track of things in a spreadsheet and even do
some data analysis there. Sort of that like entire office agent trilogy, those three important
surfaces that we often work on, and then also incorporating email. And this is so powerful
because it can share context. And on top of it, you can update the skills and plugins over time.
You can tell Claude, you know what, you keep getting this wrong. Can we actually update the skill
so that going forward, other lawyers on my team know that this is how we approach these things.
It's really cool. The other thing I've loved seeing in the community is like,
well, I think many of us coming up in law school, maybe we're on journal, and you had to do blue
booking or other formatting exercises. And it feels like every state and local jurisdiction
and courthouse has different formatting needs. I'm not a litigator, but I've heard this feedback
a lot about how difficult it is to get Word documents to be formatted the right way. There's
some incredible community skills that help people format Word documents to look the way you need them
to. And this is only just the start. We just launched this product recently, with the pace
of innovation that's happening right now, and how quickly we're able to improve these documents,
or formatting skills, things are only going to get better over time. So I'm really enthused about
what I'm seeing here. Yeah. Awesome. Thanks so much, Mark. Yeah, speaking of creating skills
out of these types of flows, I think one thing that's really cool that we haven't addressed it
is actually creating or generating a new skill off of something that you've just worked with
Claude to do. So for example, I've used a skill obviously in this task to perform the sort of
workflow of triaging the NDA documents. But there's a lot of ways that I could extend this
from what I've done. My likely next steps, if I were just to use this, would be to go through in
Word and either approve or dismiss or maybe modify some of those red lines. After that, I'm probably
going to go and draft an email to the other council and kind of explain what our requested
changes are, maybe attach the document, or maybe I'll send it to another person on my team for review
first. So there's a lot of steps that come after this. And I think as you get more and more
comfortable working with Claude and more qualified, as we say, you can kind of add in more and more of
those things to a skill or some other repeated workflow. So for example, I could paste a prompt
in like this that says, save what we just did as a skill called daily NDA intake, or contract review
intake, or anything that's going to be a big part of your day-to-day. I want to scan the watch folder,
which I can point Claude at, for new NDAs. And that might be something in your drive.
And then say triage it against the playbook using parallel sub-agents, produce the risk report as a
docx file or draft red lines for anything high risk, and then file the outputs into this specific
file path and draft the emails. So this is going to actually ask me to create a skill file.
And I could also just as easily create this in conversation with Claude or use the skill
creator skill to do this. So it's going to actually go and package this up.
And then I'd be able to run it on demand. The other interesting thing, and actually,
if I go up here, you can click turn this into a skill, which will kind of kick off that prompt for
you. But the other really cool feature of this is the schedule feature. So if I click this,
that's actually going to kick off the slash schedule. And what that allows me to do is set
this up as a task that I run on a daily basis. Maggie, I've got a great example of a schedule.
Yeah, go for it. So my teammate Pamela, she joined a few months ago and she's on our regulatory team.
And she was chatting with co-work and frequently having to look up updates in the regulatory space,
news articles. And then she would spend about two hours a day synthesizing all of the latest news
for regulatory enforcement and new policies and things that were happening globally.
She threw a conversation with Claude after scheduling lots of these types of exercises,
realized she could create a daily newspaper and host it within our Google sites. So she
actually built a regulatory tracker that we all use. And so something that used to take her two
hours every day, Claude was able to schedule it. And then she was able to actually create an external
resource, hosting it within our Google site, so that other people can read it over a cup of coffee
in the morning. I know we talked about that chief of staff earlier as well. And having that a daily
brief be ready at 8am every morning. That's another great example of something that you can just,
it's repeatable work. I would encourage all of you right now, if you have hands on keyboard,
what are things you could do that you feel like are a bit energy draining and repetitive that you
do on a daily basis? What could you do to have Claude help you schedule those to help you hit
the ground running? And just go ahead and schedule that repeatable work and maybe even publish them
outwards into Slack or Teams or post them on a Google site so that your teammates are visiting
them as well. That's how I've really been able to up level my work in the past few months,
using these type of cron jobs or scheduled tasks. Yeah, yeah, absolutely, Margaret. I love that,
that kind of research agent, basically, that your team built, because it's not something that's just
available to that person on your team, or they're running it daily for themselves. It's now updating
automatically or on whatever kind of scheduled cadence. And it's available to everyone. So I think
that that follows a kind of a common path of identifying those more complex long running tasks
that you're doing manually, automating for them for yourself, and then figuring out how you can
kind of scale or multiply your impact there across your organization. So super cool example.
I just wanted to kind of flip over to show what this would look like if we were to run
that more long running skill with all the different steps. So I just ran this earlier,
and basically, what it did is instead of you can see, instead of creating just the triage report,
it actually created each individual document in Word with the red lines directly. It actually went
into my email and created a draft for each of the red lines. So I can see for each of these companies
that I had been working with within Claude, I have an actual draft email with what we
are proposing that I can then go and attach the file to once I've reviewed it.
So it's created a lot more assets than our initial conversation. And these are all available then for
me to pick this up. So if I go into the scheduled tasks window here, I can create a new task,
and I can call it daily NDA. I can run this as a skill, or I can just give it the prompt
itself for exactly what I want it to do. But basically, I would take that folder. Let's say
there's a working folder or somewhere where you expect these files that you want it to pick up
to live. I can set this on, let's say, a daily basis at 8 a.m. or 9 a.m. And so every day when
I'm coming into work or sitting down to start my day, I'm not actually having to kick this off and
kind of watch the task complete on its own. It's already waiting for me. So again, this is just
like a really kind of, I won't say simple because there are a lot of complex steps involved here,
but a way that you can set yourself up to be more of a manager than a doer in some cases.
You think of Claude as kind of your team of agents working for you. So you have this at
your disposal to run work in the way you want it, schedule it, and have it run on a repeatable basis.
Okay, I think we've got about 10 minutes left. So I'll just end with this, that we kind of covered
a couple of different services, right? Chat, co-work, working within Word and other office products.
But the main takeaway is that it's the same model underneath all of it, right? We're using Claude,
same family of models available within these products. And that same tribal knowledge that
you're creating via skills, plugins, MCPs, is driving those standards, right? So anywhere that
you're able to kind of add in your institutional knowledge of how you want Claude to run and work
with you, it's able to propagate that across all the areas that you're working with Claude.
So that's kind of giving you that ability to hand that work off, schedule it, have Claude do it for
you, and then focus your time on strategic work and making those judgment calls and all the things
that are most critical. Okay, that's all I had, Marcela. Let me stop sharing my screen here so
we can jump back into the slides. Perfect. Yeah, I think there's just a few key steps for success
here. So we talked about setting up those MCP connectors, getting started with the legal plugin,
Maggie showed you where to navigate and find that within Claude, and then working across apps like
the new Word add-in. So those are the key steps for success there. And we just want to emphasize
that Claude really meets your team where they're already working. So Claude for Excel and PowerPoint,
Claude for Word, and then co-work using things like the desktop application can really help you
with work that spans these different systems, pull things together. Co-work is so powerful. It's
using local compute and sort of working in a sandbox and using the power of your computer
along with Claude to get this type of work done in a safe environment, which is so important for those
of us who work in the legal industry. Let's see. I'd mentioned the JIRA analysis I did earlier.
We looked at 700 plus tickets from the past few months of legal work. If you right now are looking
for how to get started within your own legal team, maybe you work in-house at a large enterprise,
maybe you're in a small firm, maybe you're a large firm, maybe you work in public service,
have Claude analyze your busy work and then provide suggestions. That's how you can really
solve that cold start problem. Connect it to your email inbox. What is the energy draining work?
Another quick example for me is every Friday, we write like a weekly newsletter to share with our
cross-functional stakeholders of what the legal team has been up to. I dread that Friday morning
reminder. It's like an hour of busy work of compiling. I manage a team of other product
lawyers. I have to compile all of their wins for the week and synthesize it. And I don't like doing
work about the work. And I think that's what Claude is so good at, is taking that busy work.
For those of you who remember the movie Office Space, the TPS reports of the world, Claude is
very good at helping understand the progress, grounding itself in existing wins that your
department has had over the past year. Share the old weekly newsletters and tell it, this is the
high bar we keep ourselves to for success in our department. Write me a newsletter for the week
that shows the other similar type of wins. Don't be sycophantic and just tell me we did your work.
Show me what's actually impactful based on what other people are saying and draft that weekly
newsletter. So this is how I would suggest that you use Claude in your work to identify the best
next steps for you. We've got a few minutes here where we can maybe take some questions. I've been
skimming the chat all along. Wow. Incredible questions coming in. I think we're going to send
out a link to this webinar later. Please share it with your teammates as well. Hit us up on LinkedIn.
Reach out to our support team. We've got so many talented people here at Anthropic who are here
waiting to help you in your legal department transform. We can help with that. So please
reach out. We're here to support you. Nancy, I don't know if you're around and want to share
some of the questions from the chat or maybe some of the poll results. What we got going on?
You are on mute though. Sorry about that. Yes. We have a lot of wonderful questions. So we can spend
the rest of the time hitting some of the ones that were the most upvoted across the group.
So one question that came in was how is your team specifically dealing with attorney-client
privilege when using Claude? It's such a good question. I briefly touched on that earlier.
There's been some recent rulings about this. I think the whole industry is really sort of waking
up to this moment that lawyers are using AI to get their best work done. And it reminds me of
some of the conversations I've read about that were happening in the 1990s around whether or
not lawyers could use email or in the early 2000s about using cloud software, cloud-based
solutions and SaaS. Now, the Heppner ruling I think is one that on LinkedIn a lot of people
are discussing. This was a non-attorney using a consumer plan who didn't have things set up and
they were working at their own direction. For lawyers who are using Claude on our commercial
offerings, our team and enterprise plan, or a prosumer and have their privacy settings set
up correctly, I'm not your lawyer. You should speak to your own lawyer about privilege. But I
think we are quite confident here that you can set things up to be able to use Claude in a privileged
manner and maintain privilege. Yeah. So it's a great question. I would love to see policymakers
and other CLEs address this more because people are using this and it's going to keep happening.
I think, again, it helps us provide the best support for our clients. The ABA actually has
ethics rules that tell lawyers we need to stay up to date on technology and be aware of how it works.
That is our duty to our clients to understand these things and help provide the best client
services we can. So that's a great question though. Awesome. Great. We also did have a
couple of questions thematically that came up around security. So would love any sort of
general best practices as well as how you keep information, especially sensitive case files
secure and confidential across the line. Yeah. Yeah, go ahead. I'll take a stab at it. And Mark,
feel free to add specific to how your team is working with Claude. But from just like a broad
security standpoint, so co-work specifically is running within an isolated virtual machine
on the desktop app. So those kind of permissions and what it has access to is the blast radius is
kind of limited with that architecture from a broad kind of feature standpoint. Connectors,
so MTPs or connectors are going to inherit those source permissions from you. So think of it as
you logging into these different connectors, you're kind of authenticating them. Claude is not
going to access anything that you don't have access to. So for keeping things that are meant to stay
within one specific team or related to one matter, it's not going to be able to access
anything that you can't. Projects are, I think, are another good kind of workspace delineation
tool there so that we are able to share resources and work with Claude collaboratively, but scope
to a specific team or client or what have you. And then RBAC is something that we've rolled
out recently within Claude for Enterprise, so Enterprise, Claude for Work plans. So that can
kind of help limit who has access to certain capabilities. We're going to be rolling out more
capabilities and kind of continuing to enhance those features in the future, so look out for
that. And then the last thing that I would say is like compliance, auditing, logging, that's all
available to be exported. So it kind of gives us, it has that record of who ran what, what was
accessed. So it's all visible to your organization for kind of auditing purposes. Mark, anything
you would add there? Yeah, I would just call out that our commercial plans all offer these type of
admin-based controls. So you can set things up so that only approved apps and connectors in the
directory that your employees are able to install those. Yeah, I think our compliance API is very
robust. It can help with data loss prevention or other eDiscovery needs. And I would acknowledge
that there is rogue IT, that people are using consumer grade plans and that our commercial
offerings are a great way to ensure that we're able to meet the needs of your organization.
Please visit our trust center, trust.anthropic.com that has all this information and more. Yeah.
Wonderful. So we also did get a question around how legal work can oftentimes involve very long
documents, which can also lead to context degradation. So curious how Claude's legal team
also addresses those types of situations as well. I think this is why I love co-work so much is that
the agentic harness allows things to swarm and make plans and execute and distill a lot of the
mass corpus of knowledge that legal teams often have or encounter in their work and make sense
of it all. In chat-based or turn-based conversations with AI, yeah, you get that degradation. But when
Claude is able to make use of a local computer, store files in the right places, and use these
types of file systems, we've really found that it's able to keep up and it doesn't have that
context rock. Yeah, Maggie, I don't know if you have anything to add on that one.
Yeah, I'll just add that we have models with really large complex, context windows,
million context windows available now, which I think helps. But also what we saw in the red
lining use case, asking Claude to cite its sources is another big thing. That way you have that
confidence that it's not hallucinated information. It's actually grounded in whatever skill or
playbook or other data that you're feeding it so that you feel more comfortable using that
information going forward rather than just kind of trusting it at face value.
Yeah, so many lawyers are concerned about ending up on the naughty list of over 2,000
court filings that have hallucinated information in them. And so ensuring that you're using tools
and connectors to ground these AI systems in real case law or your playbooks. And then, again,
keeping a human in the loop. This is supposed to empower lawyers to get their best thinking done.
We acknowledge that it's not always 100% perfect. And you still need to review and make sure this
work is accurate and reflects your client's needs. So yeah, I think it's a great place to stop because
we're so excited about these systems and what they can do. And we know things are just going
to keep getting better. So thank you so much for your time today. And again, reach out, use these
resources, and let us know what you're building. Thank you. Thanks, everyone. Thank you, everyone.
Have a good one.